https://codepen.io/simonesquad/pen/GRZRRQE?editors=1100

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Html code that expresses a tangible meaning to the coder.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Hyper text markup language is used to build the structure of the website or "house."
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes are properties that provide additional information about an element. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    This is the main header tag and should only be used once per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    a href, id
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    We can include items that won't be displayed on the website itself, such as the document title.
    7. What is an id? 
    This is an attribute used to identify an element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    You can identify any structural html element, but only once.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once.
    10. What is a class? 
    An attribute used to classify an element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any element you wish to distinguish by name.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many times as you wish.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Insert 'target="_blank"' in a full a ref attribute link.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    This specifies an alternative text for the image if the image cannot be displayed.
    15. How do I reference an id?
You reference an id between two quotation marks.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Section implies that all the content within it is grouped, while div conveys no particular meaning.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Cascading style sheets is used for styling the website built on the html code.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    The main difference is that ids are unique whereas a class can be assigned to multiple elements. An id could be applied to a very unique title while a class could be assigned to all paragraphs, etc.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    By placing a period in front of the class name.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    A parent-child selector is used for selecting a smaller element within a larger set of elements and is useful when the code gets longer and more complicated.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar div {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    These selectors are appended after the primary selector with a colon, and the four main ones are hover, visited, active, and focus.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform:capitalize, lowercase;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border:dotted;
        border-color:black;
        border-width:1px;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
* Using an asterik as a universal selector.
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Version control is useful for tracking all changes and restoring lost files.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    As often as you are making significant changes and starting new branches.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    * Fork the current project
* Add collaborator: Repo Settings > Manage Access
* CD into the folder containing your Lambda Projects
* Code > Clone with HTTPS git clone <url>
* Create your branch git checkout -b <name>
* Work on project and commit changes often!
* 		Add to staging: git add . or git add -A
* 		Commit: git commit -m 'add message here'
  7. Push changes up git push origin <branch-name>
  8. Create a Pull Request, add me as Reviewer.
  9. Copy the link to your Pull Request and submit that in your Retrospectives

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    Inline formats the elements to be in a line while block forms new content.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    The dimensions are unknown.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    position relative
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 